feat(core): switch to script bootstrap as a default (#3117)
bazelbuild/rules_python: docs/api/rules_python/python/config_settings/index.md

::::{bzl:flag} bootstrap_impl
Determine how programs implement their startup process.

> The default for this depends on the platform:
> * Windows: `system_python` (**always** used)
> * Other: `script`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default for this depends on the platform and environment:
* Windows: `system_python` (**always** used)
* Non-Windows with Bazel 8 or higher: `script`
* Other: `system_python`

```

::::{bzl:flag} bootstrap_impl
Determine how programs implement their startup process.

The default for this depends on the platform and environment:
* Windows: `system_python` (**always** used)
* Non-Windows with Bazel 8 or higher: `script`

> * Other: `system_python`

Reviewer 2: This is a bit of a mind puzzle 😅 . Might as well wait for 7 to drop and just do the simple windows -> system_python, posix -> script

:::{versionadded} 0.33.0
:::

:::{versionchanged} VERSION_NEXT_FEATURE

> * The default for non-Windows changed from `system_python` to `script`.
> * On Windows, the value is forced to `system_python`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default changed from `system_python` to `script` for non-Windows with Bazel 8 or higher.
```
